Decision Tree
---------------------------------

Show the complexity of seemingly simple issues by embedding an interactive Decision Tree.

This project is the actual code for creating a Decision Tree. To include one of the pre-made Decision Trees on your website,


Database
-----------------------------------

### Naming convention: camelCase
Tables don't use abbreviations. Use full words: i.e. `element` good, `el` bad
Columns can use abbreviations if they're consistent across all tables. `elID` is fine.
Id fields should be prefixed with the Id it relates to. So, table `tree` with `id` column, bad. Table `tree` with `treeID`, good.

### Triggers on Insert for CreatedAt and UpdatedAt timestamps
There are triggers (go to phpmyadmin tables, select "triggers" tab) set-up to automatically set the current time for the `createdAt` column when a row is inserted. The `updatedAt` fields are already set to `CURRENT_TIMESTAMP ON UPDATE`. This way, we don't have to pass any `updatedAt` or `createdAt` values from our application.

### Only Select from Views
When running sql `SELECT`, only interact with the `view`s:
- `treeColumn`
- `treeQuestion`
- `treeOption`
- `treeEnd`

Actually, you can interact directly with the `tree` table... But for the others, `SELECT` from the view.



API Endpoints
--------------------------

Naming follows conventions of general REST architecture:
- GET /trees returns all trees
- POST /trees creates a new tree
- GET /trees/{{treeID}} returns that tree
- PATCH /trees/{{treeID}} updates that tree
- DELETE /trees/{{treeID}} deletes that tree

GET /trees
GET /trees/1
GET /trees/1/questions
GET /trees/1/questions/2
GET /trees/1/questions/2/options
GET /trees/1/questions/2/options/3
GET /trees/1/ends
GET /trees/1/ends/4
GET /trees/1/groups
GET /trees/1/groups/5

POST /interactions
GET /interactions
GET /interactions/1
GET /interactions/types
GET /interactions/types/1
GET /interactions/types/load

GET /states/types/2
GET /states/types/question

Roadmap
--------------------------
/trees/1/embeds
/trees/1/embeds/2

/sites
/sites/1
/sites/1/embeds/
/sites/1/embeds/new
/sites/1/embeds/1

/interactions/{tree_id}
/interactions/{tree_id}/loads
/interactions/{tree_id}/loads/{interaction_id}
/interactions/{tree_id}/reloads
/interactions/{tree_id}/starts
/interactions/{tree_id}/starts/{interaction_id}
